I have never had to specifically be in charge of civilians, but I've had
to have encountered them. Um, and, you know, day to day experience,
You have to realize that military members have various standards
that they have to hear to. And because you are a military member, you
have to adhere to them, too. So you know them like you know what the
standards are. In some cases, you're not sure what the standards
are for the civilian employees. The one thing I keep coming back to
regards of who you're working with are working for is the idea of respect.
If you're respectful of somebody and a lot of times, I'll go
out of the way their way to help you, whether they're military or civilian.